departB false true true false
lezard true false false true
heaume false true true true
gobelin true true false true
chandelier false true true true
coin false true true false
departV false false true true
coin false true true false
fantome true true false true
droit true false true false
droit true false true false
araignee true false false true
chouette false true true false
droit true false true false
epee true true true false
droit true false true false
saphir true true true false
droit true false true false
tresor false true true true
coin false true true false
bague true false true true
coin false true true false
scarabee true true false false
droit true false true false
rat false false true true
papillon true false false true
droit true false true false
fee true true false true
crane true true true false
dragon true true false true
cle true true false true
coin false true true false
couronne true false true true
coin false true true false
carte true false true true
coin false true true false
chauvesouris true true false true
droit true false true false
coin false true true false
coin false true true false
droit true false true false
genie true true false true
departJ true true false false
droit true false true false
bourse true true false true
coin false true true false
livre true true false true
droit true false true false
departR true false false true
droit true false true false
